Compact and highly flexible snack and drink machine.
Necta’s Snakky is best suited for smaller locations – or those with less available floor space. Due to a narrow build, the Snakky utilizes side vents to allow the machine to be placed against a wall without damaging the cooling unit. And, though the machine is only 707mm wide, it’s still capacious enough to stock a surprisingly large 338 products. Snakky’s trays are also highly adjustable, enabling the machine to vend snacks, confectionery, cans, bottles, or a combination of all four.

Necta Snakky Key Features
Flexible layout for varied products
Numeric membrane keypad
Up to three payment systems
Maximum use of size/capacity ratio
Ergonomic delivery bin
Slide-in, slide-out cooling unit

The Snakky is a snack, can and bottle combi vending machine from N&W. This snack machine has a capacity of up to 300 products and 30 different selections. There are a number of advanced features on this vending machine including an optical delivery system and a reinforced programmable locking mechanism.

This is a refurbished version of the extremely popular Snakky machine (snack / can / bottle variant).

Details
The Snakky combination snacks/drinks vending machine is part of the long established Snakky range of machines from manufacturers: N&W. This is a popular vending machine, and thanks to its compact dimensions, it is great for situations where available space is a limiting factor.

This vending machine can operate at 2 different temperatures simultaneously. The range for the upper trays is 12-15C, and 7-9C for the lower trays. Alternatively, the machine can operate at a single uniform temperature, between 7-9C

The Snakky has 6 shelves and a capacity of 300 products (60 snacks + 168 confectionery + 36 PET bottles (500ml) + 36 cans (330ml)). This vending machine can offer up to 30 different selections, 18 of which dedicated to snacks and confectionery, then 6 each for cans and bottles.

Product Features
Patented ergonomic delivery bin
30 selection combination snack and drinks vending machine
Dual temperature
6 shelves/ trays
Optical sensor to help ensure reliable vending
Programmable reinforced locking system
Shorter height than typical vending machine, great for tight spaces