Excellent capacity/size ratio

Reduced maintenance due to the new slide-in/slide-out cooling unit with front ventilation

Ergonomic and anti-vandalism product dispensing compartment with optional blocking device kit

Tempered double glazed door

Lock with programmable code

5 direct selection buttons and photocells



Rondò is a vending machine for dispensing snacks, bottles, cans and Tetra-Pak containers and offers an excellent capacity to size ratio and a very refined design, allowing easy positioning in a bank of vending machines. A solution conceived for busy sites as customers can enjoy maximum visibility of the product displayed due to the large, illuminated glass front. 

The Rondò has an extremely sturdy ergonomic product dispensing compartment, an anti-theft device and a slow-motion closing mechanism. An optional kit is available which will block the dispensing compartment when the vending machine is not being used



Number of selections: up to 48

Trays: 6 pcs.

Height: 183 cm.

Width: 88 cm.

Length: 89 cm.

Weight: 225 kg.Simple yet elegant snack and drink vending solution.
Necta’s Rondo machine offers the complete snack and drink vending package. The machine is able to stock up to 40 different products, with five direct selection buttons for faster vending times. Shelving can be easily adjusted to accommodate for a variety of products – snacks, cans, bottles, or all a combination of three. Possessing an excellent capacity to size ratio – and an A energy rating – the Rondo delivers great value for money and is sure to enhance any environment.

Necta Rondo Key Features
Modern and simple design
Large window for optimum product visibility
12 button numeric keypad and 5 direct selections
Ergonomic delivery bin with anti-theft device
Sound signal at the end of dispensing cycle
Electronic temperature set up and control
Slide in, slide out cooling unitidth

88cm

Depth

89cm

Height

183cm

Weight

290kg

Voltage

230V

Max power consumption

320W

Maximum number of spirals

8

Maximum number of trays

6

Temperature

5°C